Since my parent income is very low i.e.,25000 in Indian Currency, and we are 4 siblings with single parent running the family being a herculean task. I couldn't afford my python course along with our household chores and educational expenses of my younger siblings. My mother works round-the-clock to meet our daily expenses, adding to these expenses getting specialized in this course with high fee turns to a nightmare for me to learn the course. I have 3 younger siblings doing their secondary education presently owing a very high fee and in this phase of our lives, I couldn't spend money on these courses though i was very passionate about them. Kindly please approve my financial aid, so that I can become a great asset to my family by helping my younger siblings in their financial and educational status run smoothly without any worries when I get recruited by a prominent company


My career goal is to become a software developer, where the significant task of a software developer is to have a basic idea of all trending technologies across the world. And in meanwhile while I was reading blogs about python found interesting and since it has a wide range of companies approaching to implement python has been around for almost two decades now, it is constantly growing, and is one of the most popular programming languages. It not only benefits web and mobile app development but is also quite helpful for mathematicians, data analysts, scientists, and researchers but also students and the probability of recruiting employees with python has high and since the competition for jobs in India becoming more tougher, we are expected to get aware of all important and reigning technologies in future. It's obvious that companies readily recruit employees who are updated with trending technologies compared to those who are not having known about them.


Applying loan for a with even minimum interest is very tough for me because, our family is already suffering from shortage of money and debts to clear and I cannot add another boulder on my family's expenses. So, kindly grant me financial aid for this course which can help me and my family in many ways. Thanks in prior!